This might be the worst Minecraft player
of all time. This YouTuber has spent
almost 30 hours trying to beat Minecraft
hardcore lately, and he still hasn't
succeeded. Whether it's his slow
40-year-old reaction times or just a
skill issue, he just can't seem to kill
the dragon. So, here are some tips.
First, he died pillaring up to the end
crystals because he placed down water
and then got knocked away from it, so he
couldn't clutch. So, you should always
bring a second water bucket. That way,
you can make an infinite water source
and put down water around the end for
you to land in when the dragon knocks
you up. Next, he died to the dragon
charging him and hitting him three
times, which instantly killed him. This
could have been easily prevented using a
shield or by shooting it with a bow, but
Ledwig completely ignored it while it
was perched. The dragon only charges the
player when it's leaving its perch. So,
when the dragon is on the end fountain,
be ready for it to charge at you. And
finally, Lwig is convinced that you
can't melee the dragon because it knocks
you away when you try. But he's running
at its head, and if you run under its
wings or tail, it can't hit you away.
And then you can hit it from in the end
fountain where it can't hit you back
unless you